README.md, before:

# 🌐 KUWHY – Group 13 “Merciful"

> **KUWHY** is a web platform for Kasetsart University students to connect across faculties, collaborate on projects, share ideas, and organize events — all in one central hub.

---

## 📌 Table of Contents
> Click any topic to jump to the section
- [Features at a Glance](#features-at-a-glance)
- [Profile & Settings](#profile--settings)
- [Project Objective](#project-objective)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Repository Structure](#repository-structure)
- [Team – Merciful Group](#team--merciful-group)
- [Documentation & Presentations](#documentation--presentations)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
- [License & Acknowledgements](#license--acknowledgements)



## 🚀 Features at a Glance

### ✏️ Casual Notes & Polls
- Share quick updates or polls  
- Anonymous posting supported  
*(Perfect for quick campus communication)*

### 👥 Groups & Events
- Create, join, and manage study groups  
- Organize campus events seamlessly

### 📚 Blogs & Q&A
- Write articles or ask questions  
- Interact with peers via comments

### 📰 Smart Feed
- Personalized content  
- Infinite scroll and filters

### 📂 File Sharing
- Upload and download project files  
- Simplify team collaboration

### 🔔 Notifications
- Receive updates for replies, comments, and group activity

### 🔑 Authentication
- Email login, Google OAuth  
- Optional guest access

### ⚙️ Profile & Settings
- View and edit personal information  
- Change profile picture and password  
- Manage preferences and account settings

  
### 🛠️ Admin Panel
- Moderate content  
- Manage users and review reports

---

## 🎯 Project Objective

**KUWHY** aims to provide a **central hub for KU students** to:

1. Connect and collaborate across faculties  
2. Share casual and academic content  
3. Organize and participate in campus activities  
4. Access important announcements and resources

> **Mission:** Make campus life **interactive, inclusive, and collaborative**.


---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

**Frontend:** React, Next.js
**Backend:** Node.js, Express.js
**Database:** MySQL
**Authentication:** OAuth (Google) & Email Login

---

## 📂 Repository Structure

```
kuwhy/
├── frontend/      # Next.js UI components and pages
├── backend/       # Express API server
├── public/        # Static assets (images, icons)
├── docs/          # Project documentation & diagrams
└── README.md
```

---

## 👥 Team – Merciful Group

| Name                   | Role               | Student ID |
| ---------------------- | ------------------ | ---------- |
| Danita Frikaow         | UI/UX Designer     | 6410545461 |
| Thanabordee Bundisakul | Frontend Developer | 6510545489 |
| Chitiwat Phajan        | Project Manager    | 6710545539 |
| Piyawat Wiriyayothin   | Backend Developer  | 6710545717 |

---

## 📖 Documentation & Presentations

* [Project Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/131_PXGYz7tKTbDQGwVTPiXUC1EjhQ9EdugwcNyNUobY/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Iteration 1 Presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kIwVKTTAkA)
* [Iteration 2 Presentation](https://youtu.be/FUl6rNU6EiE?si=ku89KkIwvy0TvFfR)
* [Iteration 3 Presentation](https://youtu.be/1fFkATymeag?si=36GwJlWetsgoUnSg)

---

## 💻 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/isp-merciful/kuwhy.git
```

2. **Install dependencies**

* Frontend:

```bash
cd kuwhy/frontend && npm install
```

* Backend:

```bash
cd kuwhy/backend && npm install
```

3. **Configure environment**
   Create a `.env` file for backend settings (DB credentials, OAuth keys).

4. **Run the application**

```bash
# Run frontend
npm run dev

# Run backend
npm start
```

5. Visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser.

---

## 📝 Contribution Guidelines

We follow a structured Git workflow:

* **Branch naming:** `type/scope/short-description` (e.g., `feat/frontend/login-page`)
* **Commit messages:** `type(scope): subject` (e.g., `feat(frontend): implement login page`)
* Pull Requests should include descriptions, checklists, and reference related issues.

---

## 🎉 License & Acknowledgements

This project is part of course work at Kasetsart University.
Thanks to our instructors and advisors for guidance and support.

> *“Building a stronger KU community — one connection at a time.”*

Commit message:

Fix links and headings in README.md
Updated headings and links in the README for clarity and functionality.

README.md, after:

# 🌐 KUWHY – Group 13 “Merciful"

> **KUWHY** is a web platform for Kasetsart University students to connect across faculties, collaborate on projects, share ideas, and organize events — all in one central hub.

---

## 📌 Table of Contents
> Click any topic to jump to the section

- [Features at a Glance](#features-at-a-glance)
- [Profile and Settings](#profile-and-settings)
- [Project Objective](#project-objective)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Repository Structure](#repository-structure)
- [Team – Merciful Group](#team--merciful-group)
- [Documentation & Presentations](#documentation--presentations)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
- [License & Acknowledgements](#license--acknowledgements)

---

## 🚀 Features at a Glance

### ✏️ Casual Notes & Polls
- Share quick updates or polls  
- Supports anonymous posting

### 👥 Groups & Events
- Create, join, and manage study groups  
- Organize campus events seamlessly

### 📚 Blogs & Q&A
- Write articles or ask questions  
- Interact with peers via comments

### 📰 Smart Feed
- Personalized content  
- Infinite scroll and filters

### 📂 File Sharing
- Upload and download project files  
- Simplify team collaboration

### 🔔 Notifications
- Receive updates for replies, comments, and group activity

### 🔑 Authentication
- Email login, Google OAuth  
- Optional guest access

### ⚙️ Profile and Settings
- View and edit personal information  
- Change profile picture and password  
- Manage preferences and account settings
  
### 🛠️ Admin Panel
- Moderate content  
- Manage users and review reports

---

## 🎯 Project Objective

**KUWHY** aims to provide a **central hub for KU students** to:

1. Connect and collaborate across faculties  
2. Share casual and academic content  
3. Organize and participate in campus activities  
4. Access important announcements and resources

> **Mission:** Make campus life **interactive, inclusive, and collaborative**.

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

**Frontend:** React, Next.js  
**Backend:** Node.js, Express.js  
**Database:** MySQL  
**Authentication:** OAuth (Google) & Email Login

---

## 📂 Repository Structure


```
kuwhy/
├── frontend/      # Next.js UI components and pages
├── backend/       # Express API server
├── public/        # Static assets (images, icons)
├── docs/          # Project documentation & diagrams
└── README.md
```

---

## 👥 Team – Merciful Group

| Name                   | Role               | Student ID |
| ---------------------- | ------------------ | ---------- |
| Danita Frikaow         | UI/UX Designer     | 6410545461 |
| Thanabordee Bundisakul | Frontend Developer | 6510545489 |
| Chitiwat Phajan        | Project Manager    | 6710545539 |
| Piyawat Wiriyayothin   | Backend Developer  | 6710545717 |

---

## 📖 Documentation & Presentations

* [Project Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/131_PXGYz7tKTbDQGwVTPiXUC1EjhQ9EdugwcNyNUobY/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Iteration 1 Presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kIwVKTTAkA)
* [Iteration 2 Presentation](https://youtu.be/FUl6rNU6EiE?si=ku89KkIwvy0TvFfR)
* [Iteration 3 Presentation](https://youtu.be/1fFkATymeag?si=36GwJlWetsgoUnSg)

---

## 💻 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/isp-merciful/kuwhy.git
```

2. **Install dependencies**

* Frontend:

```bash
cd kuwhy/frontend && npm install
```

* Backend:

```bash
cd kuwhy/backend && npm install
```

3. **Configure environment**
   Create a `.env` file for backend settings (DB credentials, OAuth keys).

4. **Run the application**

```bash
# Run frontend
npm run dev

# Run backend
npm start
```

5. Visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser.

---

## 📝 Contribution Guidelines

We follow a structured Git workflow:

* **Branch naming:** `type/scope/short-description` (e.g., `feat/frontend/login-page`)
* **Commit messages:** `type(scope): subject` (e.g., `feat(frontend): implement login page`)
* Pull Requests should include descriptions, checklists, and reference related issues.

---

## 🎉 License & Acknowledgements

This project is part of course work at Kasetsart University.
Thanks to our instructors and advisors for guidance and support.

> *“Building a stronger KU community — one connection at a time.”*

✅ All the links in **Table of Contents** now work on GitHub.  
✅ Emojis remain in headings but don’t break links.  
✅ You can copy-paste this directly as `README.md`.

---
